01//
The light hits the object. The light reflects off the object and into your eye. The light passes your cornea. The iris (colorful part) opens your pupil or closes it. The light has now passed you pupil. The light hits the back of your eye. Now the cones and rods start working. The eye sends the object to your optic nerve and the brain and turns right side up.

02//
The first part of vision is light. To see you need light to travel to a object and have it reflect back to your eyes. When the light reaches the eyes it passes through the cornea which is a clear substance that covers the eyes. After the light passes through the cornea the iris focuses the light, the iris is molecule tissue that focuses light by opening bigger or smaller. The iris opens bigger and smaller at certain time of day like when it's bright it's smaller and when it's darker it's bigger. After it passes through the iris it goes through the lens which focuses the image or you can say the lens refracts the light. After the lens refracts the light the light is focused near the retina of the eye. The retina is made up of cones and rods which pick up color, black, and white. So when a image hits the retina the cones and rods pick the image up and send the image to the brain by the optic nerve.
Then the brain interprets the image and tells what you are seeing.

03//
The light bounces off an object and into your eye. First it goes through the cornea, a tough outside layer that protects the eye. It passes through the pupil and to the lens. The lens refracts the light on the retina. In the retina there are cells called cones and rods.
Cones attract to color and rods attract to black and white. After the message is seen to color or black and white, it is sent to the brain by the optic nerve.

04//
When we were learning about the eye we started with the outer covering of the eye. The covering is made out of a special kind of cell that I do not know yet because we're going to finish tomorrow in the afternoon. When the telephone rings light bounces off the phone and goes through the white part. It sends it to the pupil and hits the lens. Then it hits the hollow part of your eye. Then it goes to the nerve and then goes to the brain and you see the phone.

05//
I will start with the process of vision. Vision starts when light bounces (or reflects) off of an object and it enters your eyes, this begins your vision of an object. It enters through the cornea and into the pupil. After moving through the pupil it is refracted and focused by the lens. After this occurrence there is an image projected on the cornea it is upside down. That image is sent from the blind spot on the retina through the optic nerve to the brain which flips the message right side up.
The white area on the outside of the iris is called the sclera (sc-LAR-a). The iris is a very strong muscle. It is the colored part of your eye. It is stationed on the outside of the pupil, and is the muscle that gives you the ability to make the pupil smaller or larger in change of light. The pupil is the black hole in the middle of your eye it allows the image to go into the lens. The lens refracts the light to make an upside down image on the back if the retina. The retina is the holder of the rods and cones. The rods help you to see black and white and the cones enable you to see color. The optic nerve send the image to the brain which flips it so you can see right side up.

06//
This is how the eye works. First you need light. The light will shine on the object you would like to see. Then the light bounces off the object and into your eye. Then the image will go through you cornea and into your pupil. Then it will go through you lens to the retina. The retina will have the image facing upside down, but after the message goes to your brain it will turn right side up and it will find out what it is.

07//
The steps of vision are very simple and not too long. To see an object what must happen is this. Light bounces off the object and into your eye. The light goes through the cornea and into your pupil. It passes your pupil then goes into your lens (lens is the color of your eye). Then the light passes through the lens and the light refracts. Then it bounces off the retina and into the optic nerve and into the brain. The brain makes the light right side up again.

08//
You look at something (for example a peach), the light wherever you are goes onto the object (the peach) and bounces off it and then goes into your pupil. The vision of the peach then goes through your eye and up to your brain. The brain then turns the object or peach right side up and tells you the object you are looking at is a peach.

09//
The first thing that happens when you see something is it goes to the cornea. Then it goes to the pupil, then the lens, then the retina upside down, and then the optic nerve. Then it goes to the brain and that makes you see it right side up.

10//
This is how the eye works. For example, if you see a dog this is how you would see it. First the sun will reflect light off the dog. Then the light will enter the cornea. After that the light will pass the pupil which helps focus it. Then the light will pass through the iris. After that the light will refract in the lens which focuses it on the retina. While on the retina, the image of the dog is upside down. The retina sends a message to the brain though the optic nerve. This message tells the brain that you saw a upside down dog.
Then the brain turns the dog right side up. That is how the eye works.

11//
The eye has many stages of work. It has to go through the lens, pupil, iris, cornea, retina, and the inner eye to complete your visions. Your cornea cause color your rod in the back and helps you see in the dark.

12//
For your eye to see you need light like the sun or a light bulb. So the light hits an object and refracts to the retina (the retina is the part that protects the eye). After the retina the light passes through the pupil. Then hits the lens, which make the light turns over, and goes through the eye to the back of the eye. It then hits the optic nerve that sends the message to the brain. Then the brain sees the object and tells you what it is. That's how the eye works.

13//
First you need light to see the object. Then the image passes through your cornea. It then goes through the pupil to the middle of your eye. The image then gets turned upside  down backwards as it goes through your lens. The image is then printed onto your retina and travels through the optic nerve to your brain where it gets transferred back to normal. After that your brain recognizes the image. That all happens in less than a split second.

14//
First the light bounces off of the object and goes past the iris and in the pupil. Then it goes through the lens to focus. Then it hits the retina upside down. Then your brain turns it around and you see. You need three things to see: light, eye, and brain.

15//
First you are going to need light to start the whole thing. Ok here we go. The light refracts off an object an goes through the cornea and into the pupil. Then it goes through the lens which turns the image that you see upside down. Then the light goes onto your retina. Then the image is sent to the brain. By the way it also depends if you are in the dark or light to know if you cones or rods are working. And the cones see color and the rods see black and white. Just to let you know, the retina is made out of cones and rods. These are important cells to your eye.

16//
The eye works by sending light to the cornea. Then it goes through the cornea and through the pupil into the retina. After that the picture shows upside down, but something, I forgot what it was called, switches the picture right side up so you can see the picture right. P.S. I wasn't here most of the day

17//
First light bounces off of the thing you are trying to see and into your eye. It travels through the cornea and into the pupil. It passes through the lens and onto the retina. The light refracts and turns upside down. It sends a message to the brain and the brain turns the image right side up. Then you can see.

18//
The eye works when light bounces off a object. The image goes into the cornea and into the pupil. From the pupil the image goes through the lens (the lens is like a camera lens). The lens is to focus the image on the retina (and turns it upside down). The retina is the back of the eye, then a nerve called the optic nerve takes it to the brain, which turns it right side up.

19//
To see things you need light. Your see things when light bounces of an object into your eye. The process it goes through is: first the light that bounced off the object goes through your cornea. Then it goes through your pupil and lens. The lens refracts it and then the object is upside down in the back of the eye by the retina. The vision goes through your optic nerve to the brain. The brain then turns the vision right side up so you can see.
At daytime your cones are on. At nighttime your rods are on. Some parts of the eye are  the cornea, the pupil, iris, lens and retina. There is muscles connecting to your eyes which move them.

20//
The eye is a very delicate part of the body. It has different cells to process the image to give to your brain. It uses cone cells to see color, it uses rod cells to see black and white.
The cells are located in the retina. Your eye sends images to the brain by using the optic nerve. The optic nerve is in the back of your eye ball. If you in any way damage the optic nerve you will probably go blind or be almost blind. If you look at your eye in the mirror you will see a black dot. It is called the pupil. The pupil decides how much light should be let back into the retina. If it is very bright outside your pupil will be big. The pupil is a hole so when you see something it goes to the retina process the image and sends it back to the optic nerve. Then it is sent to your brain. The eye processes the image upside down. Then the eye corrects it. Your eye should always be treated with respect and never try to damage it.

21//
The eye to see first the light bounces off the object then into your cornea then into the pupil then the iris then it travels to the lens that puts it into focus then to the back of the eye at the optic nerve where it is turned right side up. Then the message is sent to the brain where it decides what it is. This all happens in a split second. The things in your eye that help you see in the dark are called rods. The things that help you see in color are called cones. In class we learned about eye protection that you should always wear eye protection. We also learned that your pupil is actually a big muscle. The sclera is the  white part in your eye. The eye lashes and eye lid keep from getting dust in your eye.

22//
The first thing that happen is that the sun refracts from the object to your cornea. It goes to the pupil and then goes to the lens. Then it goes to the rod that turns it black or white or the other rod that turn it colorful.

23//
You need light in order to see. When you're looking at an object it reflects off that object and goes into your eye. First it goes through the cornea and into the pupil, through your lens, which makes it refract (turn upside down). The light goes to the back of your eye, called the retina, then it goes through the optic nerve and sends a message to your brain. The brain makes the object turn right side up and then you get to see the object.
Some people can't see so they have to have someone beside them. Instead of using their eye (which doesn't work) they use a stick that tells them where they're going. You should appreciate your eye because without it you couldn't see.

24//
Say you are looking at the telephone. The light hits the telephone. You may see it upside down. It bounces back into your eye and goes to the back of your eye and bounces off it. Then it hits your lens and bounces off it. It goes through your optical nerve to your brain and your brain turns it the right way.

25//
You always need light to see. First the light reflects of the object and passes though the cornea, then through the pupil. Then it goes on to the lens which focuses the picture.
Then it goes on to the retina which turns the picture upside down. Then the image travels through the optic nerve and into the brain which then turns the image right side up and tells you what it is.
In class we learned about different parts of the eye, like the cornea. The cornea protects the eye from bad stuff like germs, dust or dust from getting into your eye. We also learned about the lens which focuses the image. And we learned about the retina which turns the image upside down. We also learned about the optic nerve ,which move the image.

26//
Pretend you are looking at a telephone. The light reflects off the telephone and hits your lends through your pupil. Then it goes through the iris, then the cochlea. Then it goes through the optic nerve and back.

27//
You need to have light to see something. The light bounces off what you're looking at  and into your eyes. The reflection passes through the cornea into the pupil, and to the  back of the eye to the retina. That sends a message to your brain that flips the picture  right side up. The message goes back to your eyes, all very fast in split seconds. And you understand what you see. With your eyes you see color and black and white. There are things that help you to see color and black and white. They are called cones and rods. The cones help to see color and the rods black and white. The colored part of your eye is the iris.

28//
To see objects, light reflects onto the object and into your eye. It travels through the cornea, which protects your eye. It goes through the pupil (which lets in as much light that is needed). As it is going through the lens, the light refracts and goes into the retina where the image is turned upside down. On the retina there are cones and rods. The cones help you see color, and the rods help you see black and white. The light goes right to the optic nerve which then helps it travel to the brain. The brain turns it right side up. Then you can see the object.

29//
When the little hits the eye, it starts in the lens. It travel through the pupil into optic nerve, which would go through the cones. Then the light go to the retina and makes its way to the concave part which is in the way back of the eye. When the light hits, it bounces off so it refracts the light upside down and goes back out.

31//
The eye can look in all kinds of directions. It can look up it can look down it can look sideways and straight. The eye is one important thing in the body besides the lines is something in the eye that helps it to see thing like a dog. In a dogs eye it is so different then ours. In a dog eye it has lines too but it is different than ours. The dog's inner eye is called something else.

32//
Light hits objects. light goes into pupil. lens focuses picture, hits retina. rods and cones color image, goes through optic nerve, goes to brain. The pupil lets light in the eye. The lens focuses the image. Rods let you see black and white. Cones let you see color. The retina collects image and sends it to the optic nerve which sends it to the brain.

33//
To see you need light. In the dark (unless you can't see anything) there is some light. If you look at a tree the light bounces of the tree first, then to your eye. The light then refracts when it first hits your cornea. Then it refracts again when the image hits the lens. The light goes through the pupil to the back of your eye (the image is upside down right now) and a nerve tells the brain to reverse the image. The brain does and you see!

34//
The way that you can see is this. The light bounces off the object onto your eye. It goes through the pupil to the lens. The light refracts. It goes into your cornea to the retina.
Then the cones turn what you see into color, for the picture. Then the image goes to the optic nerve to your brain where the image is turned right side up and identified.

35//
The why your eyes work is when light hits the object and then the light reflects the light into your cornea. Then it goes through the pupil. The pupil controls how much light that goes into your eye. After the light goes through your pupil it hits the lens the lens refracts the light and hits the retina. The image is upside down in the process. The image is sent through the optic nerve to the brain. The brain turns it right side up.

36//
Say you want to look at a phone. The light hits the phone and passes through the cornea into the pupil. Then it goes to the lens and the light refracts and criss-crosses. Then the object is projected upside down onto the back of your eye called the retina. Then the object's light goes through a nerve in the back that sends the object to your brain. The brain turn it right side up and tells you it is a telephone.
Cones see color. Rods see light.

37//
If you want to see something there has to be light because the light comes from the light source. The light hits the object. The image is carried in the light and goes through the cornea the cornea, which covers the iris and pupil. Then it goes through the pupil. The pupil lets a certain amount of light go through the lens, refracting in the bending of light.
Then it hits the retina that sends a message to the optic nerve. The optic nerve sends a message the brain that turns the picture right side up because it was upside down in the eye.

38//
To be able to see, you need light.Well, first the light hits the object then bounce off into your eye through the cornea and into the pupil. From there it goes to the lens which projects onto the retina. But the image is upside down so it has to go to the optic nerve and travel to the brain and gets turned right side up. The rods help you see light or dark and cones help you see color. The colored part of the eye is called the iris, believe it or not. It is made out of muscle. The process sounds long, right. Well, it takes less time than for you to hear, less than a second. It is amazing how vision works.

39//
Say the phone rang, and you turned to look at it. The light would refract off the phone and into your eye. First your pupil would get smaller, then it would go through your iris. Then it travels through your optic nerve and sends vibrations to your brain. Then the brain communicates to you that you are looking at the phone.

40//
They eye is an very important thing. Your eyes are there for a reason. The reason is that it can protect when a tree might fall and kill and that's why it's there to protect and for warnings. The eye is a muscle, that's why is can move in different positions. The iris is the part of your eye that is colored. The lens is to help focus the eye to see. There's a lot more important things like the retina and the sclera. The sclera is the white part of your eye. The eye lashes are there so dirt particles won't get into your eye. That goes for the eyebrows too. There are also tear ducts. The tear duct is a very tiny hole where the tears come out. In the eye in the back past the lens and the blind spot there's the optic nerve which sends the message to the brain. Then the brain figures out what the object is. There's also another thing. When you first look at something it's upside down. After it goes through the process of seeing, the brain turns it right side up.

41//
Say you're reading a book. Do you know how you see the letters? It all begins with light. The light rays go through your lens and into the eye. Then it goes to your cones which gives it color. Then the light focuses on your pupil which turns the image upside down.
The optic nerve sends the image to the brain which turns it right side up and tells you it's a word.

42//
Light bounces off the object you're looking at and reflects through your cornea. The image travels through the pupil, then refracts through your lens. The retina (in the back of your eye) changes the image into electrical impulses. The impulses travel through the optic nerve to the brain where it flips the image (it was upside down the whole time) right side up. Now you see the object.

43//
The pupil and the outer eye see something. The vision is bent by the rods and cones. The bent vision goes into the retina. The vision then goes to the brain. The brain decides what it is and sets the vision in a understandable picture, and then you see.
Light bounces off objects and your eye picks up the vision. The pupil controls the light in your eye. In darkness the pupil grows big to gather as much light possible. In light it shrinks.

44//
The light hits the object. The light bounces to your eye. Then the pupil gets smaller or larger depending on how bright it is. The lens refracts the light upside down to the retina. The retina focuses the image. The nerve sends it to the brain.

45//
First light travels through the cornea, then through the pupil. The pupil is connected to   the iris, which is made up of muscle. The iris controls how much light comes into the eye. The light is refracted by the lens. The light is refracted two more times before hitting the retina. Before the light hits the retina it passes through the vitrois, which shapes the eye. Back to the point, the light then travels through the optic nerve and then to the brain.

46//
Your eye sees in upside down. It hits your lens to make it clear. Then it goes to the blind spot to make it right side up. Then the blind spot sends it to the brain. The brain tells you what you see.

47//
When you see something, for example a piece of chalk. First the light bounces off the object and then it goes into your eye. It reflects into the cornea then through the pupil. It reflects in the lens, and appears upside down in your eye. Then the optic nerve turns it right side up in the brain. Then you know it is a piece of chalk. The rods help you see in the dark and the cones help you see color. The pupil is just a hole in your eye, not a black ball. The iris is just muscle. The color of the iris is made by melanin, and muscles move the eye to help you see in all directions.

48//
What parts of the eye do. The optic nerve sends messages from the eye to the brain. The brain controls sight, hearing, smelling, taste and memory, and other things you might do. The pupil focuses on what you want to see.

49//
First light reflects off the object. Then light goes into your pupil. It goes into your lens and bends into the eye. Then it hits the retina and goes into the nerve up to your brain, which turns the sight right side up and allows you to see it.

50//
Pretend you are looking at a tree. I will explain how you see the tree. The light bounces off the tree and into your pupil. The light travels through your iris and refracts into your cornea. It sends the message upside down. It travels through the optic nerve. The brain turns the message right side up.

51//
Let say you wanted to see a tree and the sun was shining just fine. You open your eye. The light hits the object and refracts into your eye so you can see.

53//
You look at something. The vision goes to the back of your eye upside down. It goes to the optic nerve. The optic nerve sends it to the brain and the brain decides what it is.

54//
Vision is all about different parts of the eye. All of the different parts have to work together to make you be able to see. Did you know that the eye is one of the important parts of your body. If you didn't have your eye you would have to go around everywhere by feel. These are the kinds of things in the eye that you need to be able to see. You need your four muscles to be able to move your eye where ever you want. You need your pupil to absorb the light. You need all of these things to be able to see.

55//
Light bounces off an object. It hits your iris, which hit the lens. The lens focuses on retina, sending message to optic nerve. The optic nerve sends message to brain. The iris focuses by opening and closing. The vitreous humor fills in eye ball so it doesn't lose its shape.

56//
This is the process of how the eye sees. Light reflects off object. Pupil allows how much light can go in. The light passes the lens. The lens focus the object. Light refracts to the retina. Nerve sends message to brain.

scores//
1 4 2 4 3 3 4 3 5 5 6 3 7 4 8 3 9 3 10 4 11 2 12 4 13 4 14 4 15 3 16 2 17 3 18 4 19 5 20 2 21 4 22 2 23 4 24 3 25 5 26 2  27 3 28 5 29 2 31 2 32 4 33 3 34 4 35 4 36 4 37 4 38 5 39 3 40 3 41 3 42 4 43 3 44 4 45 3 46 2 47 3 48 2 49 4 50 3 51 2 53 2 54 2 55 3 56 3